Update `appendSignMultisigTransaction` (#842)
scale-it/algo-builder: CHANGELOG.md

### Breaking Changes

- The method `ProduceBlock` has been renamed to `ProduceBlocks(numberOfBlocks=1)` and now accepts optional parameter that allows user to specify the number of blocks that will be produced.

> - `appendSignMultisigTransaction` now expects `Encoded MultiSignature Transaction` as first argument and returns an object containing a blob key encoded in base64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `appendSignMultisigTransaction` now expects `EncodedSignedTransaction` as first argument and returns an object containing a blob key encoded in base64.
```

Reviewer: It would be good to keep exact parameter type.
